[workload-protection] WP Kubernetes user identities preview (#30010)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/workload_protection/troubleshooting/threats.md

```bash
DD_RUNTIME_SECURITY_CONFIG_NETWORK_ENABLED=false
```

## Troubleshooting Kubernetes remote session or pod admission disruptions

> Workload Protection integrates with Kubernetes to collect user identities and enrich your Workload Protection events with the context necessary to help you differentiate remote accesses to your infrastructure from the activity generated by your workloads. This integration relies on a [Kubernetes Mutating Webhook](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/) to instrument `kubectl exec` sessions. In case this instrumentation causes disruptions in the admission of pods or in the creation of `kubectl exec` sessions, follow the guide below to disable this feature.

Reviewer: Sounds like we're expecting issues here, any known thing?

> Workload Protection integrates with Kubernetes to collect user identities and enrich your Workload Protection events with the context necessary to help you differentiate remote accesses to your infrastructure from the activity generated by your workloads. This integration relies on a [Kubernetes Mutating Webhook](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/) to instrument `kubectl exec` sessions. In case this instrumentation causes disruptions in the admission of pods or in the creation of `kubectl exec` sessions, follow the guide below to disable this feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Workload Protection collects Kubernetes user identities and enriches your Workload Protection events with the context necessary to differentiate remote accesses to your infrastructure from the activity generated by your workloads. This integration relies on a [Kubernetes Mutating Webhook](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/) to instrument `kubectl exec` sessions. In case this instrumentation causes disruptions in the admission of pods or in the creation of `kubectl exec` sessions, follow the guide below to disable this feature.
```
